# md5-hash-collision
This is a practical repository that is built for the blockchain community to get a general understanding of what the MD5 encryption method is, and its general security vulnerabilities. WARNING: Learn this for educational purposes only, this is not intended for malicious activity.

*Theory*: This repository is meant to work on a theory that any smartphone with MD5 encrypted firmware can be easily rooted through a hash collission, which is when you purposefully use cryptography to decrypt, and encrypt a file that matches the same MD5 hash number has that of the firmware itself, tricking the phone into identifying the TWRP file as something that belongs to the original hardware. The file in question that I will try to decrypt in this case, is the TWRP recovery boot image that normally acts as a way to flash over files that you couldn't typically do on an unrooted phone, but considering that the recent firmware updates on the phone might not make that possible, this is a last resort that may or may not work.

It is important to note that, this approach is specifically tested on the Samsung Galaxy J4, the very same smartphone that I'll also be using to test the custom ROM/OS I'm designing and developing for the blockchain (which you can check under my repos). This process will essentially require some skills in cryptography, be it hopefully intermediate. The basic procedure often involves creating the same hash number of the TWRP file as the official FW of the phone, which requires you to type some commands and actually manipulate the hash number itself using Linux. But to even get to this process, I must first understand how to decrypt a ZIP file. If this theory works out, pretty much all MD5 encrypted FW for phones can easily be rooted with this method.


